# MTRX Group 10 - "GITHEADS"
##  Date - 9/04/2025
##  Time: 1400 - 1700
### Present:
Rory Clements <br>
Henry Wilcox <br>
Emily Stockwell <br>

------------------------------------------------------------
## Agenda Items:
### 1. Task Redistribution and Task Research
  - After consideration, the tasks were better redistributed to suit team members' availabilities and strengths
  - Rory swapped his Serial Interface with Emily for her Hardware Timers section
  - Henry had finished his Digital IO section, however had yet to convert the polling to interrupt based approach
  - Experienced some issues with project files and include folders, so allocated most of the tutorial to resolving
  - Rory and Emily spent the rest of the tutorial researching their allocated sections and understanding the general approach

### 2. Tutor Consultation
  - Asked tutor for clarification on problem
  - Asked tutor questions about marking scheme and suggested approach
  - Asked tutor for help with managing git, and for resolving project incompatability issues

## To Do By Next Meeting:
  - All teammates to complete their individual sections, ready for Integration on Monday
  - All teammates to have completed their READ.ME sections by Monday

------------------------------------------------------------
## Additional Notes:


------------------------------------------------------------
## Next Meeting:
Date: 14/04/2025
Time: 1200-1800
Location: J03 - Electrical Building - Level 3

------------------------------------------------------------
End of Minutes
